What does every bash code do?

0.pwd
prints the working directory you are at right now

1. ls
lits all the files in the working directory you're at right now.

2. cd
changes your directory

3. ls -l
Displays the files in the current directory in a long format

4. ls -al
It displays current directory contents, including hidden files (starting with .). Use the long format.

5. ls -lan
Display current directory contents in a long format, with user and group IDs displayed numerically,and hidden files (starting with .)

6. ls -lan
Creates a directory X holberton in /folder/

7. mv /tmp/betty /tmp/holberton/ 
Moves the file Y from /foldera/ to /tmp/folderb/

8 rm /tmp/holberton/betty 
Deletes file Y from /tmp/folder

9. rm -rf /tmp/holberton 
Deletes the directory holberton from the /tmp/ directory

10. cd -
Changes the working directory to the previous one

11. ls -al . .. /boot
lists all files (even ones with names beginning with a period character, which are normally hidden) in the current directory and the parent of the working directory and the /boot directory (in this order), in long format.

12. file /tmp/iamafile
Prints the type of the file named iamafile at /tmp folder

13. ln -s /bin/ls __ls__
Creates a symbolic link to /bin/ls, named __ls__ in the working directory you're working at right now. A symbolic link is a term for any file that contains a reference to another file or directory in the form of an absolute or relative path and that affects pathname resolution.

14. cp -rua *.html ../
Copies all HTML files from current working directory to parent directory of the current working directory, even though, it only copies files that did not exist in the parent of the working directory or were newer than the versions in the parent working directory

15. mv [[:upper:]]* /tmp/u
It moves al the files whose names start with an uppercase letter into the /tmp/u directory

16. rm *~
Removes all files that end with ~ generated by emacs

17. mkdir -p welcome/to/holberton
Creates the directories welcome/, welcome/to/ and welcome/to/holberton in the current directory.

18. ls -amp

Lists all the files and directories of the current directory, separated by commas. Result will have the next features:

Directory names should end with a slash (/)
Files and directories starting with a dot (.) should be listed
The listing should be alpha ordered, except for the directories . and .. which should be listed at the very beginning
Only digits and letters are used to sort; Digits should come first
You can assume that all the files we will test with will have at least one letter or one digit
The listing should end with a new line
